Upgrade notes for Forms/Deploy 11 (#4539)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Add-ons/Umbraco-Deploy/Upgrades/version-specific.md

This page covers specific upgrade documentation for when migrating to a new major of Umbraco Deploy.

## Version 11

Version 11 of Umbraco Deploy has a minimum dependency on Umbraco CMS core of `11.0.0`. It runs on .NET 7.

The forms deployment component has a minimum dependency on Umbraco Forms of `11.0.0`.

### Breaking changes

> Version 11 contains a number of breaking changes but we won't expect many projects to be affected by them as they are in areas that are not typical extension points.  For reference though, the full details are listed here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 11 contains a number of breaking changes. We don't expect many projects to be affected by them as they are in areas that are not typical extension points.  For reference though, the full details are listed here:
```

#### Code

- The property `PreValues` on `FormArtifact` was changed from an `IEnumerable<string>`  to an `IEnumerable<FieldPrevalue>`, where `FieldPrevalue` contains a `Value` and `Caption`.
- Nullable checks were enabled in the `Umbraco.Deploy.Forms` project and issues resolved by applying appropriate nullable settings to various properties.
- The `TreeNodeGetter` function set as a property on `DeployTransferRegisteredEntityTypeDetail.RemoteTreeDetail` now takes a non-nullable `HttpContext`
parameter.
- The `matchesRoutePath` and `matchesNodeId` parameters provided to `ITransferEntityService.RegisterTransferEntityType`, and which populate the `MatchesRoutePath` and `MatchesNodeId` properties on `DeployTransferRegisteredEntityTypeDetail`, now take an HttpContext argument.
- The `MultiNodeTreePickerPreValueConnector` was removed (as the format for Umbraco 8+ is as UDIs, and hence there is no processing to do).

> - Obsolete constructors, properties and methods on `Manifest` were removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Obsolete constructors, properties, and methods on `Manifest` were removed.
```

- Namespace of the `Package` class was adjusted and the obsolete property `Artifacts` was removed.  `ArtifactsWithOptions` was renamed to `Artifacts`.
- The signature of `EnvironmentController.BeginCreateManifestForUdis` was changed.
- The temporary interface `IUmbracoEnvironmentWithOptionsAwareManifest` was removed and elements added to `IUmbracoEnvironment`.
- The signature of `IWorkItemFactory.CreateSourceDeplo`y was changed to accommodate culture and scheduled publishing options.
- The obsolete constructor on `SourceDeployWorkItem` was removed.

> - The class `UmbracoFormsCompatibilit`y that is no longer required has been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The class `UmbracoFormsCompatibility` that is no longer required has been removed.
```

> - Obsolete constructors were removed on `NoNodesController`, `UiController` and `UiControllerBase`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Obsolete constructors were removed on `NoNodesController`, `UiController`, and `UiControllerBase`.
```
